# SWE_Natural_Language_Analysis_Of_Outreach_Data
Analyze the good practices of Society of Women Engineers - This Directory contains the techniques used for analyzing the Good practices of SWE

The main objective of this project is to analyze the good practices in events conducted by the Society of Women in Engineering (SWE). In order to make the events more enjoyable and interactive, it is not only necessary to study the list of activities performed at each event, but also study which activity had a positive impact on the participants. In other words, activities conducted in every SWE event brought them closer to the field of Engineering. In addition, it is important to analyze the participant’s views on SWE events. These events and views are the two main factors that contribute towards the success of an event. In the analysis, TextBlob, Term Frequency Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF), SpaCy, Jaccard Similarity, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and the Multinomial Naïve Bayes Classifier are used. TextBlob is used to perform sentiment analysis. It is observed that 75% of the comments are positive. Further, TF-IDF and SpaCy are implemented to extract strips of information about the activities performed in each event. For the sake of extracting unique activities, Jaccard Similarity is executed. Also, Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) is performed to extract the topics discussed by the participants. In the interest of exploring the suggestions given by the participants, Multinomial Naïve Bayes Classifier is used.

Note: This repository contains only the methods used to perforom the above mentioned functions.

To gain more information about this project, please read the attached report.
